= colorblind

Colorblind is a Rails 3 gem that extends your ActiveSupport logger with trendy colorschemes from the 90's.

You thought 90's were over? Then why are you still using your terminal as if you still had that old 2-color 14-inch 40-kg display?

== Usage

Just use your logger as you would (in your models or controllers, for example, through the logger method) BUT take a look at the spicy syntax:

  logger.debug "I really <blue>think</> that <RED>#{suspicious_object.strange_method}</> is not returning what <magenta>my boss</> would want to."
  logger.warn "Called a <green>really good</> method which may <GREEN>delete your hard drive</> :)"

And hide your logs so that your magenta boss won't find out!

== Cheatsheet

These are the color codes: basically, downcase for text colors and upcase for background colors!

  <black> text </>
  <red> text </>
  <green> text </>
  <yellow> text </>
  <blue> text </>
  <magenta> text </>
  <cyan> text </>
  <white> text </>

  <RED> backgrounded text </>
  <GREEN> backgrounded text </>
  <YELLOW> backgrounded text </>
  <BLUE> backgrounded text </>
  <MAGENtA> backgrounded text </>
  <CYAN> backgrounded text </>
  <WHITE> backgrounded text </>

== Install

Just put this in your Gemfile:

  gem "colorblind"

And ta-da!

== TODO

* Add support for bold and underline modifiers

== Compatibility

* Tested with Ruby 1.8, Ruby 1.9, JRuby 1.5.3 and Rubinius 1.1.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Codegram. See LICENSE for details.
